the dealer in the monsoon is already
creating unprecedented havoc distress
and hopelessness in the lives of farmers
NDTV Zuma's appeared visited Godwin in
made out district less than 70
kilometres from Hyderabad to find that
in the assembly constituency of
Telangana chief minister k chandrashekar
ow at least three farmers killed
themselves because the seeds that they'd
zone had dried up the situation is no
different elsewhere in the state delayed
in poor monsoon is to blame but what
about the government that has neither
supported nor advised farmers on what to
do less than 70 kilometres from
Hyderabad here Leia Ravi muchas lu3
farmers who hanged to death in the last
three weeks engage whale the assembly
constituency of Telangana Chief Minister
K Chandrasekhar Rao when the first
shoppers came like most of the farmers
they borrowed to plant cotton and paddy
the curry season but everything dried up
how about calderon a local economy the
ville de la go to me the burden a
platonic once you grow a cash crop like
cotton very difficult to get out of the
cycle despite losses for the last two to
three years here Leia once again took
ten acres on lease in addition to his
two acres planted cotton bought 20
packets for eleven hundred rupees each
but the rains failed and the seedlings
dried up sometime just mama I one up
loegering show on the roster from NJ
domina madam boggling Ravi's mother
Adama says her son would have been alive
today if you just worked as labor
instead of trying to be a farmer and
becoming so indebted yes is there a
puzzle polymer contentious talent out
there is a young Adam 24 year old kanaka
says she had even pawned her mangalsutra
to get 45 thousand rupees maybe her
husband mutyala would have been alive
today if only the promised gold loan and
crop loan waiver by the Telangana
government had come through kisser
Varney
deus allah and anna fan Amanda a plugger
in China time cut again watching Donnie
yeah happy revenue officials are worried
that this could be the worst in several
years for farmers farmers makalah cast a
calamity yippee regain a 1-over shallow
cheese usted cuanto a co efficient and
Galu told E yamla Murray wrote on Tarawa
of marine contingency plan adana a party
eleanii knowledge and low groan
re-engage will made up the street with
camera person mag Raju oma sudeep ndtv